favorite pastime races was to create
genetically snakes other lives
to use these new ways of
life for their purposes they have the
power to control manipulation the
greed the ego power in the range of
aggressive attributes when the tribes of
the birds flew that used to be in the
system of the Pleiades and they began to
play gm too but his point of view
when it is created a little different they were
more about the vanity features the
beauty health and longevity
while some genetic facts
play and enslave us creations because
there is always an overlay of the
curve is not about drawing a line and
is a form there is an overlay of
the curves but most were made
for the purpose of beauty
longevity and so on why when god
had reached a certain point in the
career snakes creation began to
to be attracted to Orion in the system
Common classification
of the molecular structure varies as
your atoms spin the energies of this
system were optimal to create your best
genetic form genetic channel output
Orion is greater than everything in creation
to maintain the light of knowledge
lucifer this is the best incarnation of
maintenance of this type of light for
the tribes of birds was the play on or
star system there found the energy
perfect to create the best incarnation
can keep it velit conditional were
the perfect energy to create this
incarnation and while all this was happening
a third nation intervened known
as serious it makes rebound energy of
serious energy is essentially christo
center christ has a lot of energy but
also has the power of the mother goddess
isis so that the two colors
sirius principals regarding the
spiritual energy is gold and silver
Money is the light of the mother and Christ
is the balance of power but of a
more masculine way
They have different goals